When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?

A remote repository would be useful for storing code that I want to share with other people
or that I want to access from multiple computers.
It could also be used as a backup for files that I don't want to lose if something
happened to my computer.


Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than 
having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If other people were making changes to my remote repository,
I might wish to pick the times when it would be convenient
to incorporate their changes into my local repository,
since their changes might interfere with my work.


Describe the difference between forks, clones, and branches.
When would you use one instead of another?

A fork is a copy of a repository, where both the origin repo and the 
new copy live in GitHub.
You would create a fork is someone else has a repo in GitHub that you would
like to work on without interfering with their work.
A clone is a copy of a repository where the new copy will live on your 
local machine. (The original repo could live in GitHub or somewhere else.)
You would use a clone to copy a repo or a fork onto your machine so you 
can make changes locally, or to copy a repo between different locations
on your own computer.
A branch is a copy of a repo for storing changes related to a code change.
You would use a branch to do the work of developing a new feature.


What is the benefit of having the last known state of the remote 
stored locally?

Having the last known state of the remote stored locally allows you to
fetch changes into that branch, from which you can run diffs, 
without making changes to your working branch.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?
What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Without Git or GitHub, it would be much harder to collaborate on code
because you would need to be constantly checking with your collaboratorators
to make sure their changes do not interfere with yours.
Collaborating without GitHub would require each developer to work on
a separate part of the code or risk having their work undone.
GitHub makes it easy to see others' changes and notify them of any concerns.





